alright so i am going to be showing you
a present that I just received from my
cousin for my birthday it is a little
painted trunk with the Hogwarts symbol
on the top I don't really want to tip it
over because you'll see in a second why
not so there is the top and you open it
up there's little potion bottles inside
and each little potion has a label on it
and an awesome potion on the inside to
match out and there goes the light
that's okay you can still kind of see
we'll just need to turn the light back
on to the next one wyd light why you
turn off I think we're going to need to
do another take that's okay so each of
them has a different consistency as you
can see and some of them are totally
effing awesome I don't know if you can
see the sparkles but it's like sand it
looks kind of like ashes and it's got
sparkles in it and this one got to shake
it up a little bit you can see what is
and it is swirling with gold which is so
epic smell something you like
and this one so amazing probably my
favorite potion from the Harry Potter
series I don't know if you can see
inside but it actually has chunks in it
and like look at this it's goopy and
disgusting and it's so amazing Bing Bing
but yes sorry i didn't get serious but
shut the up Siri ok but yeah that
is my trunk with potions thank you for
watching